Then there's beauty in the river today.
I'll show you how you're not.
disabling updates
windows right there 10 point
yes it says there is no way to disable
all but we managed to make a
process that can give you right for you
to do the process is quite simple
you just visit our website Corn
is the point with the link goes to the decision of the
video that you have not directed is proesci
buchak certain link as destination
establish the video coming here you
will choose one of the two servers to
download the file in case you choose a
mega ok
and then when you click on the server you
will wait five seconds here
after finishing the five seconds you go
find advertisement let's wait ready
appeared in the advertisement
now we just saw that the mega site
and downloading here is going to have
318 bikes e - conca beats or is too much
fast and you there so let low
download
remembering that for you to learn because the
file you try a ray popped
because it will be compressed then
downloaded I'll open the file and go back
selecting the two and drag to
work then do not stay we want
disable updates
if you are disabled and enable
again you just need to run the file
so let's go then select 15 eight
updates that right click on
it and run as administrator goes
open here and after executing is right
and is already disabled as you can
note that the service is independent
being finalized and a second lieutenant was
finalized with it certain however
willians will not update you
want to enable only you to execute the attack
and serve with the administrator and is that he
go there
in the case of confrontation then start by
today is this I ask that you liked
this video I liked sound about the
years that the cultural channel was inscribed
was the fish that the link is in the description
of the video but second link and until the
Next video bye
the dollar